well hey riddles aren't just a fun way
to spend time they also sharpen your
mind help you think outside the box
improve your memory and start new
thought processes Wow
ready to reap the benefits of this
unusual brain workout then go ahead and
remember to count the correct answers
David got lost in a jungle after
wandering for hours at lunchtime he came
to a place where the paths split into
three smaller trails the first led to an
active volcano with redhot lava bubbling
in its crater if David chose the second
path he would get to a clearing swarming
with venomous bats and the third path
ended in a swamp swallowing everything
and everybody that got there where
should he go
[Music]
David should choose the second path most
bats are only active at night plus they
almost never attack humans Sarah and her
sister Mary are doing some shopping when
they're leaving a grocery store
Sarah points at some young man and
exclaims look my nephew is over there
her sister replies oh right but it's not
my nephew how is it possible the young
man is Mary's son you're stranded on a
tiny uninhabited island you have no
radio cell phone or any other means of
communication the island also has no
trees to make a smoke signal on the
second day there you notice a helicopter
circling in the sky and searching for
you it's flying too high for the pilots
to spot you how can you attract their
attention
[Music]
pick up some stones and use them to
write SOS on the sand Mila parked her
car near her house came in and returned
in five minutes
carrying a bucket of water then she
poured this water on the sidewalk and
ran inside again why did she do all this
[Music]
the woman wanted to wash her car but
while she was getting the water the car
was stolen why can't a successful
businessman open the door in his pajamas
[Music]
because pajamas have no doors the son of
the dentist father is talking to the
father of the dentist son and the
dentist isn't taking part in the
discussion can you figure out these
family ties the dentist is a woman and
the people who are talking are her
husband and her brother a man is driving
along a highway in his car after several
hours on the road he grows tired it's
also getting dark he notices a motel
sign when the driver reaches the place
he sees three buildings with a wooden
door with a silver door and with a gold
one which door should he open
his corridor of course you get into a
trap prepared by a Mad Professor
he's conducting an experiment and wants
you to dive into one of the four tanks
filled with water but the first one is
packed with venomous snakes the second
contains acid that can eat even through
metal the water in the third one is
swarming with bacteria piranhas are
swimming in the fourth tank which tank
should you choose to survive
[Music]
pick the third tank it's the safest of
them all not all bacteria are bad lots
of them are actually useful a small
family-run cafe in Paris was called ten
flags but near the entrance there were
just eight flags the owner could easily
hang two more flags but he refused to do
it
why
[Music]
people often notice this mistake and
came into the restaurant to inform the
owner after that they usually stayed to
have a meal
John called the police to report his
friend Mark had disappeared he explained
that two weeks before he had offered
mark to live in his beach house in Miami
he wanted his friend to enjoy some
summer heat
but when John returned from a half a
month-long business trip to Chile he
found out mark was missing the police
listened to John's story and understood
the man was lying how did they figure it
out if it was summer in Miami it was
winter in Chile and still John came back
suntan it means he hadn't been to Chile
Maya was in the gym doing the workout
her personal trainer had prepared for it
it was tougher and longer than her usual
ones exhausted Maya returned to the
changing room only to find her expensive
bag gone she immediately called the
police they had three suspects
Maya's trainer explained he had been
preparing a new program for his clients
Emma another gym goer said she had been
running on a treadmill for two hours the
cleaner said he had been washing the
swimming pool who took Maya's bag
it was her personal trainer he knew Maya
was gonna have a long workout and
wouldn't return to the changing room
anytime soon a small bridge is the only
way to cross a river this bridge can
only hold two tons at once that's
exactly how much your car weighs you
start to cross the bridge and reach its
middle when a bird lands on the vehicle
is the bridge going to collapse now
[Music]
it won't break you've already used some
gas to get to the middle of the bridge
your car weighs a bit less than two
tonnes now you're sitting on a plane
there is a horse in front of you and a
car behind you what's happening
[Music]
well you're on a merry-go-round a man
was going on a three-day long fishing
trip he asked his wife to pack some
stuff for him a fishing box a fishing
rod his favorite pajamas and some other
clothes three days later the man
returned home and started to tell his
wife funny stories that had happened
during the trip
then the man complained I just don't
understand why you didn't pack my
pyjamas as I asked you to that's when
the woman realized her husband was lying
to her about the whole thing
how did she figure it out the wife put
the pajamas inside the fishing box if
the man didn't find it he didn't open
the box a taxi driver is moving in the
wrong direction
along a one-way road a police officer
notices him doing it but does nothing to
stop him why
[Music]
the taxi driver is walking ice will melt
if you heat it but if you heat me I'll
become solid what Emma
[Music]
I'm an egg you buy this thing to eat but
you never eat it what is it it's a plate
Mia was going back home one evening it
was 11 p.m. and she had to cross a small
dark park in front of her house suddenly
she heard footsteps behind someone
grabbed her bag and ran away the girl
called the police and they questioned
four suspects Jack said I was choosing
an outfit for a party
Camila was getting ready for her final
exam at home Andrew told the police he
had been watching birds in the park Nora
was at her yoga class after the
interview the police understood who was
behind the accident can you
[Music]
it was Andrew at 11 p.m. it's too dark
to see Birds James left a folder with
important documents on the table in his
home office and went to a business
meeting when he returned he found out
that the documents had disappeared
James had three suspects his brother
said I've been swimming in the pool
since you left I haven't seen or heard
anything the cook replied tomorrow we're
having a party I've been preparing the
food the security guard told James I've
been outside all this time checking the
garden for mice who knows where the
documents are
[Music]
it's the security guard his job
description doesn't include pest control
an accident happened at a busy
crossroads in a small town the driver
who caused the crash left in a hurry
luckily several witnesses managed to
describe the car the police officer
headed to the suspects house there he
saw a car that looked exactly like the
one from the description but its owner
claimed he had spent all day at home the
police officer understood the suspect
was lying in no time how he touched the
car hood it was still hot from the
engine that had worked not so long ago
Ben and his wife Sophia decided to go to
the mountains Ben got round-trip tickets
and the couple set off on a journey on
the third day there Ben and Sophia were
walking along a challenging trail high
above the ground they started to argue
and Sophia accidentally lost her footing
and fell off the cliff Ben had nothing
to do but to return home on his own as
soon as he arrived he called the police
to report the accident after that he was
arrested why
all accidents have to be reported
immediately to the local police and then
wasted a lot of time to get back home
and only then inform the authorities
you're walking along a railroad track
suddenly you see a speedy train dashing
in your direction instead of getting off
the track you run towards the train only
at the last minute you manage to jump
aside why do you risk your life this way
[Music]
when you notice the Train you're on a
bridge you can't leave the track right
away and have to run to the closest
place where you can do it it took five
years to build the tallest tower in the
world every next year the Constructors
doubled its height how many years did it
take for the tower to get half as tall
as it is now
[Music]
for years
if the builders double the height every
year the tower had to be half its final
height a year before it was completed
once Daniel found a coin that had a 10
BCE mark on it the guy realized the
thing had to be very old and valuable
happy and excited he took it to an
expert but the specialist didn't even
agree to examine the coin he told Daniel
right away the thing was fake how did he
figure it out so fast
[Music]
people who live before the current era
couldn't know there would be another era
that's why they couldn't make such marks
on coins James had a meeting with his
university professor it ran late and
when the guy was leaving the building it
was already dark as he was walking along
the deserted halls he heard someone
shout for help the voice was coming from
behind a locked lecture hall door James
managed to open it and found his group
mate Mike inside in the afternoon the
guy wanted to get a book from the
library but it was closed
he was already leaving when he heard
footsteps behind his back when he came
around he was locked in
James figured out three suspects and
interrogated them first thing in the
morning Matthew said he had left the
campus right after the lectures Emily
replied she had been studying at the
library all day long
Olivia met with her friends and they
were having lunch at the University
canteen James realized who was guilty
right away
it was Emily she couldn't study at the
library because it was closed that day
you have two buckets of water in the
first bucket the water is heated up to
100 degrees Fahrenheit in the second
bucket the water is cooled down to minus
100 degrees you dropped two coins into
the buckets at the same time which coin
will reach the bottom faster it'll be
the coin you threw into the warm water
the other won't sink at all the water in
the bucket is frozen a man shaves every
single day but still has a thick long
beard how come
[Music]
the man is a barber you need to draw
just one line to turn the Roman numeral
IX into six you aren't allowed to take
your pen off the paper until the line is
finished how do you do it
[Music]
draw the letter s in front of IX you'll
get six you see someone you've never met
before no one has ever described this
person to you it isn't a celebrity and
still even though there's nothing
unusual about the stranger you
immediately know who it is
Wow
[Music]
it's your acquaintances twin Maria won
the lottery and returned home with a
hefty sum of money but her sister called
her and asked for help so the girl had
to rush out before leaving she put the
money under the carpet in her bedroom
when she came back the money wasn't
there there were three people in her
apartment while she was away
an electrician came to fix her AC a
neighbor visited to pick up some books
and Maria's housekeeper was cleaning the
apartment who took the money
[Music]
it was the housekeeper she was the only
person who had any reason to check under
the carpet it takes a marathon runner
for hours to travel the race distance in
his winter clothes and 240 minutes if
he's wearing his summer outfit why four
hours is the same as 240 minutes
four men make four tables in four hours
how many tables will eight men make in
eight hours the correct answer is
sixteen tables because eight men will
work twice longer than four men you're
trapped in a huge deserted mansion far
away from civilization the windows are
either boarded up or too high above the
ground the only tree that grows close
enough to touch is too thin to hold you
the entrance door is also securely
locked you see three doors all of them
lead to freedom but behind the first
door there is a raging fire the second
door hides
hundreds of venomous scorpions and
behind the third door there is a dark
maze filled with different traps what
should you do
break off a tree branch and light it in
the first room now you have a torch
escape through the maze that isn't dark
anymore
Lily is a hairdresser her preferences
are quite weird she'd rather give a
haircut to two blondes than one brunette
why by doing two haircuts she'll learn
more when will three adult man one woman
two boys and a dog remain dry under just
one regular umbrella
when it doesn't rain to travelers were
walking through the jungle when a huge
tiger stepped onto their path one of the
men bent down and started to lace up his
boots more tightly his companion was
surprised laced up boots won't help you
outrun the tiger what was his companions
reply
I don't need to outrun the tiger I need
to outrun you
a father tells us teenage daughter you
appeared very late at 3:00 a.m. it made
us all worry a lot
I don't want this situation to repeat
ever again his daughter confidently
replies it will never happen again how
can she be so sure the father's talking
about his daughter's birth you're locked
in a room with three doors you can
safely walk through any of them but the
doorknobs are the real problem the first
one is under high voltage and you won't
survive touching the doorknob
the second is covered with dangerous
poison you can't get it on your skin and
the third doorknob is so hot it'll make
your hand burn which doorknob should you
try
[Music]
the second one you can take off any
piece of clothing and use it to open the
door one man who knew a lot about art
paid a huge sum of money at an auction
he bought a painting no one else wanted
to buy the artist who created it wasn't
famous and his work cost almost nothing
the man knew about this fact he was
honest and didn't have any bad
intentions then why did he buy the
picture the painting wasn't valuable but
its frame was a unique and expensive
piece of art look at the picture and try
to figure out the pattern what is the
correct answer
[Music]
the answer is 13
the first number stands for egg whites
and the second for yolks well I know
you've been waiting for this part if
your result is 0 to 12 correct answers
it's not bad
but it could be better just watch more
riddle videos and try to play logic
games if you have thirteen to twenty two
cracked riddles it's a good result the
only thing I have to say is practice
makes perfect those who have 23 to 32
correct answers will soon get the online
detective certificate just a bit more
attention to details and you'll be there
and if you've got 33 to 40 to solve
riddles under your belt you'll get my
respect and admiration
I bet such observation skills and
logical thinking help you a lot in life